Other expense Tip #1, buy at month end or quarter end tip.
Buy at month end or quarter end, given quotas.
A lot of sales people have monthly or quarterly quotas
and if you buy at month or quarterly end, they're more
likely to give you a deep discount any way.
Okay, and I know I covered that little bit of detail
earlier when I talked about speeding tickets,
but as with all big purchases,
you gotta buy right at the end
of the quarter or the accounting period.
Just think like a sales person always whenever you're
buying something, you'll get a better deal.
Always, in business, always think like the other person,
what is their motivation, that sort of thing.
Why am I so lucky to be given this opportunity right now,
if somebody asks you to invest in their company.
Other expense Tip #2, call and complain tip.
I want you to call and complain on all products
that you think were too expensive relative to what you paid
for them, like cable companies, etc.
My grandfather, God bless him, when I was a kid,
we were having dinner and the Heinz ketchup was too watery.
He actually wrote a letter to Heinz, I'll never forget this,
and they literally sent him a whole crate of ketchup
to his house.
I remember he actually did the same thing with a sink
that he tried to install in his basement that was cracked.
The company sent him two new sinks for free.
Why can this work?
Because most consumers don't complain.
I want you to complain a lot please, if it's warranted,
of course.
You know, complain at big retail stores, at Wal-Mart,
at any store you buy appliances from, at hardware stores.
You know why?
Because those big companies are so profitable anyway
and you know, for the most part, they're obsessed
with customer experience.
Companies like United Airlines know that they are all
one tweet away from upset customers, which can lead
to millions in lost profits.
The best companies like Amazon.com know that the customer
is always or almost always right and a company is only
as good as its customer service.
I really believe that.
You earn the right to complain the second you paid them
for a product or service that they are selling to you
for much more than what it costs them.
They want to help you stay happy, so please complain a lot
if it's necessary.
It doesn't always work, but I promise you, I promise you,
you will save a lot of money this way in the long run.
Other expense Tip #3, export credit card tip.
What does that mean?
I export all of my credit card files from the credit card
websites and then I import this data into Excel
and I always analyze the statements.
Look for incorrect charges
and give your credit card exports, those files, annually
to your accountant and as the accountant
to find legal tax deductions, of course, legal.
Although your accountant, if you have one, is supposed
to stay within the law when it comes to tax deductions,
always question them on the legitimacy
of your tax deductions, just to be safe, as ignorance
of the tax laws is no excuse and audits can be very painful.
Other expense Tip #4, get me off your list please tip.
In the long run you will save money and your time as well,
which you can't get it back, if you receive fewer
promotional emails or phone calls.
What I do every single month is a I search my Gmail email
inbox for the word unsubscribe.
I search for unsubscribe.
And then what I do is I click on the unsubscribe link
at the bottom of many of those emails.
If I have to give my email address away and my name,
I usually write my name first in those emails as Christopher
and not Chris, as the only person that calls me Christopher
is my mom when she's mad at me.
I love you, Mom.
I was called Christopher a lot growing up.
You could also get off pesky phone lists by searching
for do not call lists in your country name in Google
and by law a lot of times, you can actually get
off these lists, right, especially the idiotic ones
where they call you, I hate that, at like 9:00 at night
or on the weekends.
You can get off those lists, if you just tell them,
take me off the list.
Sometimes what I'll do if they call me
and they're really rude or whatever, rarely, I say,
oh wow, that sounds great.
Hold on a sec, I'll be right there.
Okay, anyway, sorry, off topic.
Other expense Tip #5, hire an accountant tip.
I'm going to stress this a couple more times in the course.
Always hire an accountant to file your taxes.
If you are in a high tax bracket or have a very complicated
tax return, paying a tax lawyer for one or two hours
of advice every year is an investment that provides
unbelievable savings in the long term, I promise you.
Accountants are not all expensive.
Ask your friends, your loved ones, your parents,
people that are older than you that you're related to,
for recommendations on a good accountant to hire.
Your relationship with an accountant is so important
as you can always call this accountant during the year
when it's not tax season and ask them about their thoughts
on an investment that you might make.
If you can put this investment in a tax shelter
before you invest, because after you invest, it can often
be impossible to move the investment to a tax free
or tax reduced account.
We'll talk much more about that later in the course.
Other expense Tip #6, the lottery tip.
Never buy lottery tickets or gamble.
You literally have a better chance of dying by using
a vending machine than you do winning the lottery.
Isn't that crazy?
Sounds out there, but have you ever heard of anybody
that has died because of a vending machine falling?
Exactly, okay, and this statistic absolutely blew me away.
Check this out, this is crazy.
70% of all people that win the lottery end up losing
all of that money as well as all the money they had
before they won the lottery, within seven years.
Crazy, and it's eerily similar to the football statistic
we talked about earlier in the course.
Other expense Tip #7, Pinterest Tip.
Go to Google and type this, Pinterest cheap
and then the product you want to buy or make.
It's really fun to do as well.
Other expense Tip #8, wedding expense tip.
Get married on a Friday night as it's much cheaper.
Also, only get married once as it's cheaper.
Just kidding, just kidding about getting married
on a Friday night, okay, sorry not funny.
Okay, I'm Dad humor, I know I get it.
I try at least.
Okay, we're now done discussing the more than 100 ways
to save money and the next step is to please,
watch the next video, where we're going to create
your new and improved income statement.
Thank you.